Unexpectedly, it was for the wrong medical expenses.
I got married so hastily.
And it was with a strange man whom I had only met once.
Take a picture of me. no.
Come on, the next one is pretty handsome.
I sent it directly to grandma. Don't worry,
I used someone else's camera. Except the marriage certificate was photographed for me.
That, sorry. grandmother,
I will listen to your words and marry Li Jiaojiao.
Good, good, good. Li Lezhi,
I can rest assured to recuperate.
You don't need to come see me, I will be discharged from the hospital soon.
The relationship between husband and wife is cultivated
You hurry up and help me pack my luggage.
Moved over to your place
Grandma, go back and pack your things now
If you move to the middle of the mountain, don’t collect hundreds of trees without moving.
A housekeeper will open the door for you later.
Explain again
It’s all just to prevent grandma from getting angry, you understand?
my business card
Is it my work phone number?
What to do first
The characters around here are pretty good.
The next World Congress of New Drug Hotels is about to begin
Are you going
Even if there is only one in ten thousand chance
Who did you marry this me?
Is it the same as the little brother you met when you were a child?